ready Jay yeah having my son
Jake work with me has been not
really a blessing
he's a pretty tough character
you got to pull down that thing
on the clearance has gotten solo
my son has to go back here take
a wrap on the greenstick and lay
down to bend it down so we don't
hit the bridge once he gets
throughout but have you popped
the top light on Jay
yeah
down
our yard I'm bonded I got
he hit the bridge while
committed now the tides gonna
hold us there's no turning back
dell and we're going for it
put your name watch Dave
yeah
don't get there today
day was my call we're gonna hit
you get it too
we creamed good when we break
Jey anything underwater even I
am NOT pups three the role of
stead I know that's what made
the big noise I don't know what
I'm talking up here make sure I
got scared that they listed I'm
worried I'm gonna lose my steer
if my steering the boat stored
up it could mean the end of the
season for us
you're right yeah normal God so
long trip back down i got to go
in we fit too damn i'm so pissed
not only is this gonna cost me
$MONEY a day efficient the bites
on the fish are out there but
now we got a limp back through
that goddamn bridge and make
repairs and that's going to be
another three or four grand out
of my pocket